[ci skip] More badges and things to README.md (#5338)
PaperSpigot/Paper: README.md

Paper ![GitHub Workflow Status (branch)](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/PaperMC/Paper/Build%20Paper/master) ![Read the Docs (version)](https://img.shields.io/readthedocs/paper/latest) ![version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.17.1-9fc) ![Sonatype Nexus (Query Options)](https://img.shields.io/nexus/maven-snapshots/io.papermc.paper/paper-api?label=repo&server=https%3A%2F%2Fpapermc.io%2Frepo)
===========

> [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-7289DA?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/papermc)

Reviewer: Put this on same line as other badges

Author: Ready and change badge for the same type of the others.

How To (Plugin Developers)
------

>  * See our API patches [here](patches)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * See our API patches [here](patches/api)
```

How To (Compiling Jar From Source)
------

> To compile Paper, you need JDK 16, maven, and an internet connection.

Reviewer 2: I left this comment on the PR over on PaperDocs, we should specify Maven 3.6.3 or greater otherwise users will run into issues with maven on java 16.

Author: like say maven min version 3.6.3?

Reviewer: It won't work either way as maven-shade-plugin breaks. See https://github.com/PaperMC/Paper/commit/5f9fd47688beec51a355866f949aede4e981e006#diff-aefb6d15d0b286bbeb5fc4daec5d392c5b7a317164c521620510e3e94dc67cfaR43-R44

Author: then i keep maven like always?

Reviewer 3: Snapshot releases of maven-shade-plugin work on Java 16

Author: then any changes here?

Reviewer 4: 1.16 branch NEEDS java 8, not 16, and 16 has issues without other updates, so, while we recommend newer javas, afaik, can't compile with it on this branch nor is it a requirement

Reviewer 2: Outdated because we won't be using Maven anymore. Keep on hold until 1.17 gets merged in.

Author: > 1.16 branch NEEDS java 8, not 16, and 16 has issues without other updates, so, while we recommend newer javas, afaik, can't compile with it on this branch nor is it a requirement

In teory 1.16 not require java 11? (when make this PR i put 11, when 1.17 release i change this again because master can be 1.17 in future)

Reviewer 4: it requires java 8, 1.17 is where the java requirement was bumped to 11 by us, and then 16 by mojang; This section is only relevant when 1.17 is merged into master and this entire section needs re-doing anyways

Author: Okay. then i return to the cave because its cold...

Good luck :3

> To compile Paper, we recommend use JDK 11, maven, and an internet connection.

Reviewer 5: `we recommend use of`
`we recommend you use`

I would rather this just be the base requirements and we can add an `or newer` but it doesn't matter so much. Fix the grammar either way.

Reviewer 2: This is technically poor wording because "we recommend you use" modifies both Java 11 AND Maven, however, maven is required.

Author: then maybe only rename `we recommend use` to `you need`, but if is for grammar why the `maven, and` and not  `maven and`

Reviewer: It's an Oxford comma: https://www.grammarly.com/blog/what-is-the-oxford-comma-and-why-do-people-care-so-much-about-it/

> To compile Paper, we recommend use of JDK 11, maven, and an internet connection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To compile Paper, you need JDK 8 (we recommend at least JDK 11), maven, and an internet connection.
```

Keeps the grammar consistent and modifies the correct words.

Reviewer 6: I don't want to see jdk 8 in there at all. especially since it will be a hard requirement in a few months.

Reviewer 2: Should we just say "You need Java 11" then? Circles back around, we're having conflicting arguments here. Current requirements are 8, future is 11, there's no better way to word it.

Author: Yeah... forget about suggest, xd
